Sometimes in service, we meet people
who don’t speak the language that we do.
What is it?
Wouldn’t it be cool if we had
a translator robot that could help us?
Get out of here, get out of here!
Well, we can’t use machines to preach.
But we have something better!
JW Language!
You can learn to speak to anyone with this!
First, pick the language you already speak.
Second, choose a language you want to learn.
Third, find “Preaching Skills.”
What do you need?
“Greetings and Introductions”!
Good.
Because we need to know
how to say hi to them, right?
So let’s look at this one.
This is so cool!
Wow!
I can talk to Chinese people!
Let’s go in service!
What is it?
Hello.
I am pleased to meet you.
Wow!
Come in, come in!